---
title: 'Miscellaneous'
date: '2021-04-10T23:27:16.058Z'
author: 'AutoGenerated'
---

### Miscellaneous tips collected from the game

Duplicate Crew: A duplicate Crew Member is converted into Crew Tokens. If the Crew Member is at max Rank, then it is converted into Latinum.

CREW COLLECTION: Crew can be found at the Nexus Portal or in the Store.

LEVEL: Increasing a Crew Member's level is the most direct way to improve their stats.

POWER: Power is a general indicator of how strong a Crew Member is. It takes into account a Crew Member's level, rank, skills, Nexus Particles, and anything else that improves a Crew Member's combat capabilities.

RANK: Increase a Crew Member's Rank to increase their Power!

RARITY: A Crew Member's rarity determines their maximum Power and are earned at higher difficulties.

ROLE: The Crew Member's role represents their area of expertise. During missions, they will contribute to any Proficiency checks that correspond to their role.

TAGS: these are the Crew Member's tags

Attack: One of two Stats that can be used to deal damage. Every Skill's description will specify which Stat it uses.

Crit Chance: A percentage that indicates how likely the Crew Member's attack will Crit.

Crit Damage: A percentage that indicates the increased damage the Crew Member's attack will do when it Crits.

Defense: Decreases damage taken from enemy attacks.

Glancing Chance: A percentage that indicates how likely the enemy's attack will Glance.

Glancing Damage: A percentage that indicates the reduced damage the Crew Member will take when an enemy's attack Glances.

Health: Determines the Crew Member's max health.

Resolve: A percentage that indicates how likely a Crew Member is to resist losing Morale.

Speed: Determines the turn order in battle. Crew with higher speed take their turn first.

Tech: One of two Stats that can be used to deal damage. Every Skill's description will specify which Stat it uses.

PLAYER LEVEL: Collect XP from Missions, Operations, PVP and other game modes to increase your Player level.

PVP LEAGUE: The PvP League you belong to changes with your Medal count! Increase your League to get better items in the Daily Replicator and better rewards from PvP battles.

COMMAND PROFICIENCY: This is your Away Team's total Command Proficiency. Crew with the COMMAND Role contribute to this score.

ENGINEERING PROFICIENCY: This is your Away Team's total Engineering Proficiency. Crew with the ENGINEERING Role contribute to this score.

MEDICAL PROFICIENCY: This is your Away Team's total Medical Proficiency. Crew with the MEDICAL Role contribute to this score.

SCIENCE PROFICIENCY: This is your Away Team's total Science Proficiency. Crew with the SCIENCE Role contribute to this score.

SECURITY PROFICIENCY: This is your Away Team's total Security Proficiency. Crew with the SECURITY Role contribute to this score.

This number is the combined Power of all away team members! The more Power your away team has, the more likely they are to accomplish their mission.

### NEXUS PARTICLES

LEVEL: A Nexus Particle's level reflects how many times it has been upgraded.

RARITY: A Nexus Particle's <span style="color:#01e2ff">Rarity</span> determines how strong its Nexus Power is, and how many Stats it can boost!

TAGS: A Nexus Particle may have up to 3 tags. If a Crew Member does not possess at least one of the listed tags, they cannot equip the Particle.


### Loading screen tips

Darmok and Jalad, at Tanagra.

You can increase the level and rank of your Gear by finding the right Materials!

Particles have random stats, so choose wisely!

Some Crew have their own unique Gear!

92nd Rule of Acquisition - There are many paths to Profit

If a target has 3 stacks of Assimilation, they lose 50% of their max HP.

Scan removes Cloak from the target and guarantees that the next hit against them will be a Critical Hit.

Shield effects create a second, temporary health bar.

Cleanse removes a number of negative status effects from an ally based on the Cleansing Crew Member's Tech stat.

Shields block a limited amount of incoming damage and disappear when used up.

Play new events to unlock new and exciting Crew and content!

Purge removes a number of positive status effects from an enemy based on the Purging Crew Member's Tech stat.

All attacks against Cloaked targets will Glance for the duration of the Cloak.

Red Alert! The target’s Morale cannot be lowered while Red Alert is active.

When a Bomb is planted on a target, the next time that target is attacked the Bomb will detonate and trigger its effect.

Select and hold on a character in combat to see their skills, stats, and status effects.

Access the Player Profile menu from the Bridge to view gameplay Stats, Options, and Notifications.


